B_METHOD/README.md, before:

![](../E_ASSETS/repo-images/skeuomorphism_method.png)
# Process

### [Small Presentation Output](PROCESS/2024-09-30/New_Pulled_Themes.md)
**2024-10-03:** Output from Nicolas Nova, Daniel Sciboz and Joël Vacheron on my thesis's plan, the progress and how I'm looking into it.

### [New Methodology and Themes](PROCESS/2024-09-30/New_Pulled_Themes.md)
**2024-09-30:** New Methodology Canvas after Nicola Nova's Feedback.

### [Following the WIP Workshop...](PROCESS/2024-09-25/Following_The_WIP_Workshop.md)
**2024-09-25:** Ideas and things that came up during the Work-In-Progress Workshop with Alexia Mathieu and Dominic Robson.

### [Meeting with Nicolas Nova](PROCESS/2024-09-23/Meeting_With_Nicolas_Nova)
**2024-09-23:** Talking with Nicolas about how should I handle all this data, themes and infos.

### [Pulled Themes from Methodology Canvas](PROCESS/2024-09-13/Pulled_Themes.md)
**2024-09-13:** Main axis of research.

### [S.O.S. How should I start? And where?](PROCESS/2024-09-04/How_To_Start.md)
**2024-09-04:** Small meeting with Nicolas Nova to discuss where should I begin.

### [Methodology Canvas](Methodology_Canvas-2024-09-03.canvas) (Opens Only in Obsidian)
**2024-09-03:** Mapping words and themes coming from papers I red and interviews I conducted with people.

### [Early Thesis Structure](PROCESS/2024-07-30/Early_Thesis_Structure.md)
**2024-07-30:** First draft of how I see the thesis structure itself.

### [Definitive Methodology](PROCESS/2024-07-26/Definitive_Methodology.md)
**2024-07-26:** Definitive Methodology (work-in-progress)

### [Methodology Design](PROCESS/2024-07-12/Methodology_Design.md)
**2024-07-12:** Designing and refining the definitive methodology, user testing.

### [Presentation of Early Findings](PROCESS/2024-06-07/Presentation_of_Early_Findings.md)
**2024-06-07:** Feedback from Nicolas Nova.

### [Early Thesis Research Presentation + First Insights](PROCESS/2024-05-30/Early_Thesis_Research_Presentation.md)
**2024-05-15:** Visual presentation with speech and first a/b testing insights.

### [A/B Testing](PROCESS/2024-05-15/A-B_Testing.md)
**2024-05-15:** Writing the first process.

### [Thinking Methodology...](PROCESS/2024-05-14/Thinking_Methodology.md)
**2024-05-14:** Starting to think about a methodology, what am I gonna do? what am I going to share? receive? etc.

Commit message:

Added name ideas for thesis

B_METHOD/README.md, after:

![](../E_ASSETS/repo-images/skeuomorphism_method.png)
# Process

### [Thesis Names Ideas](PROCESS/2024-10-24/Thesis_Names.md)
**2024-10-24:** Gathering names for the thesis.

### [Small Presentation Output](PROCESS/2024-10-03/Small_Presentation_of_Process.md)
**2024-10-03:** Output from Nicolas Nova, Daniel Sciboz and Joël Vacheron on my thesis's plan, the progress and how I'm looking into it.

### [New Methodology and Themes](PROCESS/2024-09-30/New_Pulled_Themes.md)
**2024-09-30:** New Methodology Canvas after Nicola Nova's Feedback.

### [Following the WIP Workshop...](PROCESS/2024-09-25/Following_The_WIP_Workshop.md)
**2024-09-25:** Ideas and things that came up during the Work-In-Progress Workshop with Alexia Mathieu and Dominic Robson.

### [Meeting with Nicolas Nova](PROCESS/2024-09-23/Meeting_With_Nicolas_Nova)
**2024-09-23:** Talking with Nicolas about how should I handle all this data, themes and infos.

### [Pulled Themes from Methodology Canvas](PROCESS/2024-09-13/Pulled_Themes.md)
**2024-09-13:** Main axis of research.

### [S.O.S. How should I start? And where?](PROCESS/2024-09-04/How_To_Start.md)
**2024-09-04:** Small meeting with Nicolas Nova to discuss where should I begin.

### [Methodology Canvas](Methodology_Canvas-2024-09-03.canvas) (Opens Only in Obsidian)
**2024-09-03:** Mapping words and themes coming from papers I red and interviews I conducted with people.

### [Early Thesis Structure](PROCESS/2024-07-30/Early_Thesis_Structure.md)
**2024-07-30:** First draft of how I see the thesis structure itself.

### [Definitive Methodology](PROCESS/2024-07-26/Definitive_Methodology.md)
**2024-07-26:** Definitive Methodology (work-in-progress)

### [Methodology Design](PROCESS/2024-07-12/Methodology_Design.md)
**2024-07-12:** Designing and refining the definitive methodology, user testing.

### [Presentation of Early Findings](PROCESS/2024-06-07/Presentation_of_Early_Findings.md)
**2024-06-07:** Feedback from Nicolas Nova.

### [Early Thesis Research Presentation + First Insights](PROCESS/2024-05-30/Early_Thesis_Research_Presentation.md)
**2024-05-15:** Visual presentation with speech and first a/b testing insights.

### [A/B Testing](PROCESS/2024-05-15/A-B_Testing.md)
**2024-05-15:** Writing the first process.

### [Thinking Methodology...](PROCESS/2024-05-14/Thinking_Methodology.md)
**2024-05-14:** Starting to think about a methodology, what am I gonna do? what am I going to share? receive? etc.
