B_METHOD/PROCESS/2024-07-26/Definitive_Methodology.md, before:

# Definitive Methodology

### Prologue (Quantitative Results)
These surveys are a way to get people to know about Skeuomorphism if they didn't, give me their insights on user interfaces they design or use and then make them interested in user tests I'm doing later so that I can get people interested.

The first **Survey, for Designers,** is directed to the people who design stuff.

The second **Survey, for People,** is directed to the ordinary users who use the interfaces that designers design every day.

- **Survey for Designers**
	1. Are you familiar with Skeuomorphism?
	2. Are you into User Interfaces?
		1. Do you have a preferred style of user interface you like to design? And Why?
		2. Have you ever designed a skeuomorphic user interface? If yes, when? And what was the mission?
	3. How would you define the style of user interfaces on the web in 2024?
	4. Do you think we reached the peak of Flat Design?
	5. In your opinion, what's next for user interfaces design? What if we project ourselves to 2035 (or further), what do you see?
	6. Would you be interested in taking part in real-life user tests?

- **Survey for People**
	1. Are you familiar with Skeuomorphism?
	2. What computer and/or phone do you currently own?
	3. What is your age?
	4. Do you mind sharing the computers or phones you grew up with?
	5. Do you remember what feeling(s) you experienced when using these devices at the time?
	6. Now that you know what Skeuomorphism and Flat Design are...
	   On a scale of 0 to 10, rate Skeuomorphism.
	   On a scale of 0 to 10, rate Flat Design.
	7. Would you be interested in taking part in real-life user tests?


### The User Tests (Qualitative Results)
The user tests are going to be documented with photos, videos and an audio recording of course. These tests will be super important as I will have to be super observant and attentive to what the person will do and think.

#### 0. Range of People
##### Generation Z (1997-2010)
People who grew up with diverse technologies.

##### Millennials (1981-1996)
People who grew up during the boom of the personal computer, and discovered the internet.

##### Generation X (1965-1980)
People who experienced a big chunk of the computer revolution and saw game consoles and computers gently sliding into homes.

#### 1. Phase 1 - Small talk
Introducing the experience and asking basic first questions to learn more about the person that will take part in this experience.

*This experience is about user interfaces, and especially a wide spectrum of skeuomorphic user interfaces, where I'm trying to understand how ordinary people use, view and feel these interfaces that designers conceive.*

*In front of you are all types of devices you can try and explore. Please define and explain your process, thoughts and actions out loud.*

*Have you ever used one of these devices on the table?*

#### 2. Phase 2 - User Test
The goal is to let the user explore by themselves.
If they need or look lost, I can give them ideas of apps they can open:

**Smartphone**
- Contacts
- Compass
- Camera
- Notes
- Messages
- Music
- Settings
- Calculator

**Computer**
- Contacts
- Notes
- Music
- Settings
- Widgets
- Internet
- Customisation

#### 3. Phase 3 - Conclusion
Ask questions

### Epilogue
Maybe interview some UI designers face to face (or online if not possible).

Commit message:

Added Thoughts and Early Structure

B_METHOD/PROCESS/2024-07-26/Definitive_Methodology.md, after:

# Definitive Methodology

### Prologue (Quantitative Results)
These surveys are a way to get people to know about Skeuomorphism if they didn't, give me their insights on user interfaces they design or use and then make them interested in user tests I'm doing later so that I can get people interested.

The first **Survey, for Designers,** is directed to the people who design stuff.

The second **Survey, for People,** is directed to the ordinary users who use the interfaces that designers design every day.

- **Survey for Designers**
	1. Are you familiar with Skeuomorphism?
	2. Are you into User Interfaces?
		1. Do you have a preferred style of user interface you like to design? And Why?
		2. Have you ever designed a skeuomorphic user interface? If yes, when? And what was the mission?
	3. How would you define the style of user interfaces on the web in 2024?
	4. Do you think we reached the peak of Flat Design?
	5. In your opinion, what's next for user interfaces design? What if we project ourselves to 2035 (or further), what do you see?
	6. Would you be interested in taking part in real-life user tests?

- **Survey for People**
	1. Are you familiar with Skeuomorphism?
	2. What computer and/or phone do you currently own?
	3. What is your age?
	4. Do you mind sharing the computers or phones you grew up with?
	5. Do you remember what feeling(s) you experienced when using these devices at the time?
	6. Now that you know what Skeuomorphism and Flat Design are...
	   On a scale of 0 to 10, rate Skeuomorphism.
	   On a scale of 0 to 10, rate Flat Design.
	7. Would you be interested in taking part in real-life user tests?


### The User Tests (Qualitative Results)
The user tests are going to be documented with photos, videos and an audio recording of course. These tests will be super important as I will have to be super observant and attentive to what the person will do and think.

#### 0. Range of People
##### Generation Z (1997-2010)
People who grew up with a plethora of technologies.

##### Millennials (1981-1996)
People who grew up during the boom of the personal computer, and discovered the internet in its early days and form.

##### Generation X (1965-1980)
People who experienced a big chunk of the computer revolution and saw game consoles and computers gently sliding into homes.

#### 1. Phase 1 - Small talk
Introducing the experience and asking basic first questions to learn more about the person that will take part in this experience.

*This experience is about user interfaces, and especially a wide spectrum of skeuomorphic user interfaces, where I'm trying to understand how ordinary people use, view and feel these interfaces that designers conceive.*

*In front of you are all types of devices you can try and explore. Please define and explain your process, thoughts and actions out loud.*

*Have you ever used one of these devices on the table?*

#### 2. Phase 2 - User Test
The goal is to let the user explore by themselves.
If they need or look lost, I can give them ideas of apps they can open:

**Smartphone**
- Contacts
- Compass
- Camera
- Notes
- Messages
- Music
- Settings
- Calculator

**Computer**
- Contacts
- Notes
- Music
- Settings
- Widgets
- Internet
- Customisation

#### 3. Phase 3 - Conclusion
- We're kind of making a comeback to a new kind of skeuomorphic design, what do you think we'll see in the near future in terms of UI?
  What about in 10 years?
- rjefowexwijei

### Epilogue
Maybe interview some UI designers face to face (or online, if not possible).
