B_METHOD/PROCESS/2024-06-07/Presentation_of_Early_Findings.md, before:

# Early Thesis Research Presentation + First Insights

### Feedback
Le mot "through" interpelle, à reformuler. Peut-être qu'il ne faudrait pas dévoiler les axes.
Le role du skeuomorphisme tant du côté des designers ou des utilisateurs.
Méthodologie, les thématiques qui structureront la structure.
Au niveau général, ça marche bien. Mais il faudrait affiner ça. Que faire exactement? Comment j'organise les entretiens, quelle méthode, quelle interface, pour comprendre l'usage du skeuomorphisme.
Ordinateur, mobile, et d'autres!
Le terme nostalgie, est intéressant dans le numérique (Paolo Magaudda, Katharina Niemeyer).
Maintenant le plus important est de faire l'aspect méthodologique. Qu'est ce que je fait faire aux gens.
Trouver de la variabilité, des gens qui ont connu le skeuomorphisme ou pas.
Pour le projet pratique, faire une grille de sous thèmes, qui pourraient être intéressants.
Faire attention aux discours des designers, qui peuvent apporter des mythes ou des idées qu'ils reçoivent, de l'ordre de la rumeur.
Les roles qui sont proposés par les designers, et les roles qui sont proposés par les utilisateurs.
Le cadre théorique, envoie à la notion d'affordance. Comment une interface peut faire comprendre à l'utilisateur le fonctionnement; poignée de porte, micro, etc. (William W. Gaver)

Commit message:

Added Feedback on current Methodology
Feedback from Nicolas Nova on the current methodology research process. TIME TO READ NOW!

B_METHOD/PROCESS/2024-06-07/Presentation_of_Early_Findings.md, after:

# Early Thesis Research Presentation + First Insights

### Feedback
The word "through" calls out to be rephrased. Perhaps the axes should not be revealed.
The role of skeuomorphism for both designers and users.
Methodology, the themes that will structure the structure.
Generally speaking, it works well. But we need to refine it. What exactly do I do? How do I organize the interviews, what method, what interface, to understand the use of skeuomorphism.
Computer, mobile, and others!
The term nostalgia is interesting in the digital world (Paolo Magaudda, Katharina Niemeyer).
Now the most important thing is to get the methodological aspect right. What do I get people to do?
Find variability, people who have experienced skeuomorphism or not.
For the practical project, make a grid of sub-themes, which could be interesting.
Pay attention to what designers say, as they may bring with them myths or ideas they've received, of the order of rumor.
Roles proposed by designers, and roles proposed by users.
Theoretical framework: the notion of affordance. How an interface can make the user understand how it works; door handle, microphone, etc. (William W. Gaver)
